[15.0][IMP] mrp_project_analytic: Add mark_analytic_mrp_from_child (#78)
solvosci/slv-manufacture: mrp_project_analytic/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

For those MRPs linked to projects, when account moves are generated, project
analytic account is automatically set.

> Add method mark_analytic_mrp_from_child for to mark the new field, analytic_mrp_from_child,
> to true the debit journal items from child productions.

Reviewer: Better this:
```suggestion

Also adds a new check that identifies those debit journal items linked to MRP consume moves that are actually come from child productions.
```
